Fixed #27452 -- Added serial fields to contrib.postgres. (#18123)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/postgres/fields.txt

docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-INCLUSIVITY>`_.

.. _different bounds: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-IO

``Serial`` fields
=================

.. versionadded:: 5.2

.. class:: SerialField(**options)

    An automatically incrementing :class:`~django.db.models.IntegerField`,
    much like :class:`~django.db.models.AutoField` except that it does not have

>     to be a primary key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to be a primary key, and is not limited to a single instance per model.
```
This is also a significant difference.

Author: Thanks!

docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-INCLUSIVITY>`_.

.. _different bounds: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/rangetypes.html#RANGETYPES-IO

``Serial`` fields
=================

> .. versionadded:: 5.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 5.2
```

Author: done, thanks 👍

.. class:: SerialField(**options)

>     A field for storing an automatically incremented sequence of integers.
> 
>     It's similar to :class:`AutoField <django.db.models.AutoField>`, but it
>     doesn't have to be a primary key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    An automatically incrementing :class:`IntegerField`, much like :class:`AutoField`
    except that it does not have to store a primary key.
```
Maybe

Author: `it does not have to ***be*** a primary key.` sounds more natural to me, but I'm not a native English speaker.

Reviewer 2: Yes I like it 👍

>     It's a 32-bit integer that is is guaranteed to fit numbers from ``1`` to
>     ``2147483647``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A 32-bit integer that is is guaranteed to fit numbers from ``1`` to
    ``2147483647``.
```
I don't know why I don't like "it's" here

Author: Maybe it's not necessary to include this sentence here at all. Similar to `AutoField`, since we say it's an `IntegerField`, it can be concluded it's 32-bit.

Reviewer 2: Agreed 👍
